Update 101-164-dataladdening.rst (#966)
datalad-handbook/book: docs/beyond_basics/101-164-dataladdening.rst

   If you want to transform a Git repository to a DataLad dataset, a :command:`datalad create -f` is the way to go, too, and completely safe.
   Your Git history will stay intact and will not be tampered with.

> If you want to transform a series of nested directories into nested datasets, you will need to use :command:`datalad create -f -d` commands giving the path of the nested directory. (If you are using the create function inside the folders, the superdataset will not treat them a subdatasets.)

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to transform a series of nested directories into nested datasets, you will need to use :command:`datalad create -f -d .` commands giving the path of the nested directory. (the `-d .` option tells datalad to add the dataset as a subdataset to the supradataset (`-d`) found in the current directory (`.`).
```
